Community house was run by the Christian Church to start with.
It isn't any longer, but it was.
And so the boys in the Asian Youth Club were coming into a Christian environment.
Now, was this a problem?
Was it seen as a problem by the boys or by you?
Um, I think, I mean, I'm not looking to be boastful here,
but I think Eaton Road and Community House at the time were quite lucky
that they were working with people who had a legitimacy in the community.
They were people who were respected in their communities.
People like Moniz Maflahi, myself, we had a lot to do with the local mosque in Harrow Road.
Moniz had a lot to do with the mosque in Alexander Road in Pell.
We had a young lad from Lound William Street, one of the local Pakistani lads,
who was very well respected, a very good footballer, and a Bangladeshi lad.
We had a range of people from different areas, different skills, different knowledge,
and who could relate to the young people.
So we almost acted as a bridge between Community House
and Inverted Commerce, the church in the background,
and the wider Muslim community in the area.
I think we looked at the building and we saw,
we realised there was a church element to the building,
but we always saw the community part of the building as the greater part of the building.
Now, I don't know why we did that.
There was nobody ever said to us,
well, this is a community centre more than it's a church.
But for some reason, we just kind of imagined it so,
and we were happy to go along with that.
But I think more important than the building and the church
was the people who were coming to the building, the young people,
we as workers, people like Brian, other people who were involved with the building,
and it was the people who kind of acted as the bridge and
made contact with other people and spoke to other people.
So I think the role of the building was secondary.